serialization of reference classes:  Ensure that the external pointer
is reinitialized when the object is unserialized.

Use the additional arguments in creating the external pointers in the
C++ code so that the lifetime of the object is linked to an R object,
preferably y for a response object and X or Z for a predictor.

Old ToDo follows:
-----
Do not profile out a common scale factor for any of the glm families.
This will remove the need for the useSc setting.
-----
Allow for the reModule class to inherit from predModule.  This will
involve changing the representation of the reModule classes to contain
Z rather than Zt, which may be a better idea anyway.
-----
Consider the steps in reimplementing AGQ.  First you need to find the
conditional modes, then evaluate the conditional variances, then step
out according to the conditional variance, evaluate the integrand
relative to the step.

The paper by Sophia Rabe-Hesketh et al describes a spherical form
of the Gauss-Hermite quadrature formula.  Look that up and use it.

Because the Gauss-Hermite quadrature is formed as a sum, it is
necessary to divide the contributions to the deviance according to
the levels of the random effects.  This means that it is only
practical to use AGQ when the response vector can be split into
sections that are conditionally independent. As far as I can see
this will mean a single grouping factor only.
-----
Allow for a matrix of responses in lmer so multiple fits can be
performed without needing to regenerate the model matrices.
-----
Determine what a "coef" function should do for multiple, possibly
  non-nested, grouping  factors.
-----
- add nicer (more realistic?) pedigree examples and tests

- document print(<mer>) including an example  print(<lmer>, corr = FALSE)
  and one with many fixed effects (*) and     print(<lmer>, symbolic.cor = TRUE)

----------------
Provide methods for lmer2() aka the "[gln]merMod" classes based one the
"mer" / "merenv" ones

 o Now done for  anova, coef, isREML, update, model.matrix, model.frame, terms

FIXME: *one*-argument version of anova() still does not work

--> Use  nobs() methods -- ASAP .. (require R >= 2.13.0 though)

